Updating levelup dependency (#75)
ethereumjs/ethereumjs-blockchain: README.md

# EXAMPLE

> The following is an example to iterate through an existing Geth DB (needs ```levelup``` and ``leveldown`` to be

Reviewer: Currently, its recommended to use the convenience package ``level`` instead of ``levelup`` + ``leveldown``.
```suggestion
The following is an example to iterate through an existing Geth DB (needs ``level`` to be
```

const utils = require('ethereumjs-util')

const gethDbPath = './chaindata' // Add your own path here

> const db = levelup(leveldown(gethDbPath))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const db = level(gethDbPath)
```
